Reserve `#pragma STDF` (#73)
j3-fortran/fpp-202y: drafts/25-xxx-specifications.txt

pr02. The token-list may not be empty.

pr10. The token-list shall not begin with the identifier `STDF`, either

>       before or after macro expansion.

Reviewer: Should we also prevent the first token from beginning with `STDF`? I.e. reserve `#pragma STDF_ME` and the like?

3.8.2 Evaluation semantics specifications
-----------------------------------------

> pr20. The token-list is processed as in Fortran source fragments (see the
>       section on "Macro recognition and expansion" below).

Author: ```suggestion
pr20. The semantics of the token-list are processor-dependent. 
      In particular, it is processor-dependent whether macro 
      expansion is performed on the token-list. 
```

       sets of `[  ]` or `(/  /)` brackets, in addition to matching
       sets of `(  )` parentheses.

dfc60. The token-list in the FPP `#pragma` directive is always

>        subject to macro replacement, and may not be empty.

Reviewer: Are we sure we want this? It is a divergence from CPP. If so it should be documented in the appendix.

Author: ```suggestion
dfc60. The token-list in the FPP `#pragma` directive may not be empty.
```
